:returncode 1

:stderr 1515
tests\complex-names.mx:40:4 ERROR: Directive must not continue
tests\complex-names.mx:41:5 ERROR: Directive must not continue
tests\complex-names.mx:5:2 ERROR: Unexpected label field
tests\complex-names.mx:6:3 ERROR: Unexpected label field
tests\complex-names.mx:10:7 ERROR: Unexpected token '()'
tests\complex-names.mx:11:1 ERROR: Label redefinition 'name2'
tests\complex-names.mx:14:1 ERROR: Invalid label name 'ab!cd'
tests\complex-names.mx:15:1 ERROR: Invalid label name '__-__'
tests\complex-names.mx:16:2 ERROR: Unexpected label field
tests\complex-names.mx:17:2 ERROR: Unexpected label field
tests\complex-names.mx:18:5 ERROR: Missing label field name
tests\complex-names.mx:22:5 ERROR: Unexpected label field
tests\complex-names.mx:25:1 ERROR: Invalid label name 'n8!5'
tests\complex-names.mx:29:1 ERROR: Invalid label name '7zaza'
tests\complex-names.mx:30:2 ERROR: Simple label field expected
tests\complex-names.mx:34:4 ERROR: Unexpected instr field
tests\complex-names.mx:35:5 ERROR: Missing instr field name
tests\complex-names.mx:38:4 ERROR: Unexpected instr field
tests\complex-names.mx:33:1 ERROR: Invalid instruction immediate 'mov ()'
tests\complex-names.mx:36:1 ERROR: Unknown suffix 'inc:'
tests\complex-names.mx:37:1 ERROR: Invalid instruction immediate 'ld (),'
tests\complex-names.mx:39:1 ERROR: Unknown instruction 'huhutata'
tests\complex-names.mx:40:1 ERROR: Instrs must have only imm, or 1 reg for now 'jmp'
tests\complex-names.mx:44:1 ERROR: The second suffix must be a register 'strts'


